Update docs for metadata_processors (#13650)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/processors-using.asciidoc

=== Add Kubernetes metadata

The `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor annotates each event with relevant
metadata based on which Kubernetes pod the event originated from.
At startup it will detect an `in_cluster` environment and cache the

> Kubernetes related metadata. If it's not able to detect a valid Kuberentes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes-related metadata. If it's not able to detect a valid Kubernetes
```

=== Add Docker metadata

The `add_docker_metadata` processor annotates each event with relevant metadata
from Docker containers. At startup it will detect a docker environment and cache the metadata.

> The events will be annotated with Docker metadata, only if a valid configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The events are annotated with Docker metadata, only if a valid configuration
```

> was detected and the processor is able to reach Docker api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is detected and the processor is able to reach Docker API.
```

Not
